[FIX] Add ClassVar type to mutable class defaults (#4954)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

.. currentmodule:: nilearn

> :bdg-dark:Code Fix all occurrences of the RUF012 error related to mutable default values in Python classes (:gh:[PR_NUMBER] by TRAORE IDRISSA_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:bdg-dark:Code Fix all occurrences of the RUF012 error related to mutable default values in Python classes (:gh:[4954] by Idrissa Traore_).
```

- :bdg-dark:`Code` Ensure that low alpha values in :func:`~plotting.plot_img_on_surf` do not cause color values to be above 1 (:gh:`4906` by `Paul Bogdan`_).

> - :bdg-dark:`Code` Fix all occurrences of the RUF012 error related to mutable default values in Python classes (:gh:`4954` by `Idrissa Traore_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :bdg-dark:`Code` Fix all occurrences of the RUF012 error related to mutable default values in Python classes (:gh:`4954` by `Idrissa Traore`_).
```
